We can now going to dive and learn about Gaussians.
Carl Friedrich Gauss lived about 20 years ago,
measured the country and turned it into maps.
And in doing so, he had to confront this innovation he was
making small but significant measurement errors.
So these measurements wouldn't in fact fit together.
So, he invented a way to characterize
measurement errors that looks like this bell curve you might have seen before.
That's called a Gaussian.
And that concept has been essential to statistics for over 200 years,
and it's very fundamental to self-driving cars.
But rather than just lecturing the math,
what we can do with you, we can let you play with data.
You're going to take lots and lots of small probabilities and things,
and in the map and compute the mean,
and what comes out will look surprisingly like this bell shaped curve. So let's dive in.